you see this oh my goodness
fully packed to the brim there's like no
light coming through hello everyone
welcome featuring the roomie yes you
might have seen it before
housing gay they saw you in hello yes
yeah it's been quite the experience so
far basically I went to Cape Cod with a
few friends and so I flew from Hawaii
with like all my luggage and everything
and then Kara's been here staying with
her host family and then they graciously
let me stay last night so I helped my
friends move into their dorm yesterday
and then today we woke up stuffed all
our stuff in the back after going on a
really long target and Bed Bath and
Beyond and home goods right are you good
yeah I'm good do you need I can help
let's see how would touch your car are
we going to do that now I'm gonna back
we can't see out the back okay and on
that's true it's okay it's only like a
five-minute drive it feels kind of funny
packing the car for like a five minute
drive but we will be okay and yeah we
packed all of our stuff here suitcases
got our shower rock betting everything
so
this is gonna be good it's like we woke
up like 6:30 and I was now almost nine
and we're allowed to move in starting at
9:00 so we're gonna be there first
oh my gosh I'm so ready to move in
that's already in so long now we're good
we're good
[Music]
okay thank you thank you
okay Cara's going to park the car and
this is all of our stuff I still have
stuff in the mail room and and we both
have stuff in photo storage so it's
technically not all of it but for two
people I'd say this is pretty good
[Music]
thank you Oh amazing and then this is a
scavenger hunt for you autocomplete have
you cool it has all of like different
house things near the near photo and
also like on massive thank you so much
I've got the keys yes
okay first there's our fridge we do oh
my gosh okay wait this is not bad at all
good okay and we have like a little
entryway and like okay this is look at
this this is not bad and it's meant for
someone to go in the common room to for
like okay and then we can have our desks
wow it's like super dark in here but I
don't know if you can see it it's this
is really spacious for two people like
this could be a double honestly this
room and then we have a single like okay
we can work with yes oh and look at our
okay there's our view yeah we're looking
literally right out at Soho not really
keeping an eye on our stuff so we can
literally see when the quad shuttle is
coming and then go like Rutan to catch
it this is perfect
okay everyone so we finally made it to
the room and Kara's in there and I'm in
the common room and just look at this so
we got all of our stuff in the car and
then we have stuff in storage which we
just got which was like a ton of boxes
because we were allowed to keep things
over the summer because we live like
really far away Kara's from Kansas I
live in Hawaii now like they let us keep
storage which is really nice and I have
a lot of stuff in the mail room too
because my parents shipped some of my
clothes so I'm gonna get that so
basically these are all the storage
boxes there's a lot and then that's some
of my stuff see okay these are some
things we bought from like Target and
whatnot that box is full of stuff and
then that some of Kara's stuff so
basically I am wiping down everything
right now so like I'm doing like my
furniture and Kara's furniture and
making sure everything is all clean and
then we'll probably get some sort of
configuration going and I will do my bed
and my clothes first and then we will
see I'm gonna go pick up stop from the
mailroom in right now because I just
want to have everything in my room and
be set so we're gonna do that
okay guys like update I am surrounded by
boxes and we just went and got a quick
lunch at our faculty Dean's like house
which was really sweet and now we are
doing any bathroom I have a toothbrush
holder and I have the makeup lighting so
you can put that in wait it's looking
really good yeah oh this is gonna be fun
okay we can put
this here for like our toothbrushes and
then we got makeup lighting to put on
our mirror honestly it's just kind of
for decoration but I think it's gonna be
fun yeah and then this is our shower
oh yeah the liner works really well okay
cool the hooks are great oh really
perfect okay yeah look how messy this is
my goodness
it'll be okay I'm not gonna freak out we
got this I think what I'm gonna do is do
my clothes first in that in that and
everything I unpacked like on my bedding
and towels and there's just like
everything like a makeup thing exploded
in my bag and that's just not fun and
yeah let's put away these clothes
[Music]
okay guys to Hamersley maybe more
actually I'm officially done with
clothes I won't show everything because
that'll be for a dorm tour but oh my
gosh it won't close i Marie Kondo okay
it's gonna have it I'm gonna make it
work yes get in there Oh success almost
success oh my god oh oh it's so cute yes
Oh with like them I love the rugs
they're so soft oh my gosh it's gonna
feel amazing stuff on them shower shoes
I'm here oh my gosh but the lighting I
love the lighting it's not on yet but
that's shower we need two more hooks oh
this is so nice I love having our own
bathroom guys we figured out that we are
facing exactly west so we will be able
to wait let's see it yes look at that
literally right West we're gonna be able
to see sunset every single day right
there I'm so excited and the Sun will be
coming into our room which is gonna be
really nice yeah
[Music]
[Applause]
okay guys a little bit of an update I am
super hot and sweaty and I have a fan
going because there's no a/c in the
dorms and I've made some progress
sort of it's I got my bed made I have my
clothes fit away I have my closet sort
of getting there this dresser is or like
bookshelf is no way there no part of the
way but I just have these little things
to do which is like mostly decorations
and just like bits and pieces there's
just like stuff for my desk like I can
get a fire my makeup organizer more
stuff for my desk and just things in
general so that's the fun part
I'll get organizing and decorating but
for now I'm gonna go hud dinner and I
will see you guys in a little bit or
maybe tomorrow if I don't end up doing
any work tonight because I might just be
so tired and I'll just pass out so I
will give you an update to memories Berg
[Music]
just what I need after a stressful move
in
[Music]
not yet they're so beautiful yes good
morning guys
so it is a day later and I'm still not
really moved in um I just got up and
worked out with my friend and got brunch
and showered so I'm feeling all fresh
and good and I have to tackle so many
things it's like just the little things
that are left like a lot of organizing
to do and just I don't know like my bad
is done my clothes are done I have a
bunch of decorations from urban coming
really soon and a few more things that I
have to get from like Target so it's
taking a lot longer than I thought which
is unfortunate but I am going to tackle
my desk right now I think which is kind
of a mess I'll show you like no wait oh
it's so sunny like there's just like a
lot of random stuff so I just need to
find a place for everything and then I
can finally start decorating which is my
favorite part also I forgot to take my
vitamins this morning so I'm gonna do
that
and for like vitamins and supplements I
take care of you guys know this I love
them I've been using them for like a
really long time now and they're
partnering with me on today's video
which is really exciting and if you
didn't know what care of is there a
vitamin and supplement subscription
service so basically you're going to
take an online quiz and input your
specific needs what you're looking for
to improve and like your health and
fitness routine and your wellness and
it's going to recommend some vitamins
and supplements that are missing from
your diet and lifestyle and they won't
recommend anything that you don't
absolutely need I don't like to take
unnecessary things and put unnecessary
things into my body and so I like that
carob only sends me what I actually need
every month and if you're vegan or
vegetarian like me they will also
recommend specific things for your
dietary needs that you can't get so for
instance I take b12 because you can't
get that as a plant-based eater so they
come in the cute little packets like
this and they say your name on them and
then they have like a cute like fact or
tip or something today's is if you love
to be outside but live in a place that
gets extra hot during the summer try
getting out early in the morning or
around dusk outside peak Sun time just
as cute so it's just like
recommendations for like health and
wellness and just like living your
everyday life and then there's a little
slit at the top of the package so you
can just like easily out put the pills
so these are the ones I take so vitamin
b12 for my dietary restrictions zinc
because I am st. deficient and iron
because I'm also iron deficient so
that's what my doctor recommends but
also carob just recommended them for my
diet and overall lifestyle and then
sometimes I also take a veggie Omega 3
yeah I like to store them right by my
bedside in this cute little container so
I just put these in because moving in
and I don't know if these are gonna be
their final place but I also like to
have them like out to see because I
think they're really pretty and then I
can just kind of like pick one out for
the day and look at like the coat and
stuff and get like excited about it and
it's like a fun little morning routine
that I like to do also this is really
important to me and I know it's
important to you guys their packages are
compostable which is super important so
when you throw them away they will be
going back like into the earth and
they're not bad for the environment and
you can also just like throw them in the
compost so they're made from plants
which is awesome and it says at the
bottom this pack is compostable learn
more at take care of comm slash P slash
eco so I highly recommend you guys do
that because I always like to research
what products and what companies I'm
supporting and I continue to support
care of just because they are going very
environmentally friendly and I really
appreciate that so make sure to go take
their online quiz it only takes about
like 5 minutes and actually really fun
and really cute with like little designs
and everything and let me know how you
guys like them if you want to try them
out go to take care of comm for 25% off
your first order with the code Sienna
25 so I hope you like them
now that vitamins have been taken let's
get back to move in
[Applause]
[Music]
okay I'm not sure if this is going to be
the final setup of the desk I don't
think it is but I still put my jewelry
on here and here and I like sort of
organized like my pens and highlighters
and stuff
these plants might not go here but we'll
see and then this back is getting redone
that Faneuil be there it's just so hot
right now and then this I'm gonna have
to find a place to put that because I
thought I would have remember my desk
but I don't but we will see at least
that's kind of done and then these
drawers are for the mouth liners writers
are kind of done so I just have like my
command hooks waiting and then like all
the pens and stuff that I'm not quite
using don't have a little cute erasers
highlighters with holes as a thing okay
yeah I think so and then like my two
scissors and my exacto major in there
too okay hey guys so it is actually
quite a bit later and I am completely
moved in finally which is amazing
basically all of my decorations ended up
getting here way too late and it took a
while to get all them up and now they're
up there pretty I'm excited it's so cozy
and I like really made it at home and
I'm super excited and like now classes
are underway and everything's kind of
kicking into gear and already stress and
have assignments due basically I just
wanted to end this move-in vlog and
thank all of you for watching this is
always like a super exciting time and
honestly move-in is always so fun it's
like really stressful but this year just
like arriving back as a sophomore after
the summer and like seeing everyone all
my friends like new people just like
saying hi to everyone and hugging
everyone and just like talking about our
summers like it's been incredible I had
a like a really really tough freshman
year and I was actually like I was so
excited to come back this like after
this summer I had an amazing time in
Korea but just being able to come back
to school and I come back to Harvard
like
it really has become such a home for me
as cheesy as that sounds and it's just
been so nice like starting the new year
with everyone and yeah movin is a great
time
I'm so happy and here we go sophomore
year I will do a dorm tour really soon
so you'll get to see everything because
there's so much new stuff that I didn't
even include lots of decorations I'll
give you guys a sneak peek I'll go like
really quickly there we go okay
hopefully I didn't see too much but oh
that's a corner yeah okay you're gonna
see something but I'm excited to show
you in my dorm tour so stay tuned for
that soon I love you all also sorry that
these videos are gonna be like kind of
out of sync I still have a lot of videos
to post from my summer and from Korea
that I didn't get to you and I'm just
kind of going through the footage now
but I wanted to get this out there
because moving is a really exciting time
and I really wanted to document it so
look out for so many new videos and I
love you all bye
[Music]